Add more prose, fill in the WIPs (#55)
ember-learn/super-rentals-tutorial: src/chapters/00-part-1.md

> Welcome to the Ember Tutorial!

Reviewer: Short and sweet intro, I like it.

> In this tutorial, we will use Ember to build a professional looking application called Super Rentals. It's a website for browsing interesting places to stay at for your next vacation. Check out the [finished app][TODO: link to deployed app] to get a sense of the scope of the project.

Author: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we will use Ember to build a professional looking application called Super Rentals. It's a website for browsing interesting places to stay at for your next vacation. Check out the [finished app](https://super-rentals-tutorial--ember-super-rentals.netlify.com) to get a sense of the scope of the project.
```

> <img src="/screenshots/08-working-with-data/three-properties@2x.png" alt="The finished Super Rentals app" width="1024" height="1129">

Author: Need a better way to do this
